In this last lecture of this section, we are going to talk about a chain decorator that we can use
for our chaining mechanism that we are doing.
I mean the runnable that we are really creating.
So essentially this runnable lambda that we are creating over here is to create this particular method
that choose LM method as a runnable.
Right.
We're just converting this custom method that we have got as a runnable, so that this can be executed
in the chain over here.
Right.
That is what this runnable lambda method is really doing in a nutshell.
But if I wanted to decorate this particular or make this particular choose LM as a as a chain which
can be used as a runnable instead of using the runnable lambda method over here, I can use the chain
decorator as well.
So I'll tell you what I really mean about that.
So let me just copy this entire code over here.
Just wanted to keep them separate.
So I'm going to say Uh, using a custom or maybe using add chain decorator.
So this is the thing that I'm going to be doing over here.
And the code, I'm just going to be pasting the exact same code, but just that, uh, instead of this
runnable lambda that we are using, I'm going to be using the chain class over here.
And now I can get rid of this particular runnable lambda, but instead of runnable lambda over here
for this particular method that we are using making as a runnable lambda, I'm just going to write a
shorthand of add chain over here.
That's all.
That is what I'm going to be doing over here.
So what I say add a decorator.
Uh, sorry.
Somehow it's not correct.
Add chain.
Yeah.
So because I was writing in this line, actually, that's why, uh, that's it.
You see that now this choose, um, becomes a runnable, uh, for our chain operation that we are doing
over here.
Let's choose LM.
So you see that this is what I am passing in over here as well.
For this particular method, um, and now if I try to run this particular code, you should see that
the response is going to be pretty much exactly the same, like how we were doing earlier.
Uh, because this is now a run over this choose LM method is now a runnable.
So it is just going to work fine as expected over here.
So instead of using you, the, uh, the runnable lambda to perform this operation with the LM selector,
uh, this time I'm just going to be using the choose LM method directly so that I can able to perform
the operation there.
Right.
That is the major difference between using the runnable lambda uh, method versus the shorthand, uh,
at chain annotation.
So that is how you can actually do that in this particular code.
But yeah, that's all guys.
So we have discussed quite a lot of details over here.
Uh, For the chaining mechanism and how we can work with the the long chain, the renewables and also
string parsing and how we can parse the string parsing in the in the chain, and how we can work with
multiple chains, how we can run the chains in parallel, and also how we can run the chain with the
runnable lambdas.
And finally, with the add chain decorator, we still have few more things, especially the runnable
with memory, which is one of the most important thing that we are going to be talking later on in this
particular course.
So just see this runnable with message history.
This is amazing.
This is one thing which we are going to be using while we are building the chatbots.
So we are going to be talking about that as well in the upcoming section of this course.
But at least as of now for the basic getting started, this is more than enough for you to get going.
So please try it out all of these yourself and use this notebook while you have access to.
And then you can start working with the same thing that we have discussed over here.